Well?
What can you do to me?
We can't do anything to you.
But the law can.
Yi Xin.
Pleasure working with you.
You witch.
How dare you lie to me.
Jiang Nanshuo.
I've finally waited for this day.
I want to watch your ugly heart...
...shatter into pieces...
...and rot into mud.
You joined forces to set me up.
Just you wait.
Someone won't let anything happen to me.
Sorry.
The subscriber you dialed is not answering.
Jiang Nanshuo.
Do you think they can still get away with it?
Please try again later.
Sorry.
The subscriber you dialed is not answering.
Please try again later.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
In fact...
I think that felt so good.
Hei Ba.
Was I cool just now?
You were alright.
Right?
Once Sister Yi Xin finds all the evidence...
...all of this...
...will be over, right?
All of this.
Yi Xin.
Yi Xin is in danger.
Are you looking for this?
It's fake.
Where is the USB drive?
The USB drive?
It's gone where it belongs.
You thought getting that USB drive...
...would let you threaten me?
Threaten?
You're wrong.
I never intended to threaten you.
From the moment I came to your side...
...I've had only one goal.
To destroy you.
Destroy me?
You think you can?
Yes.
Remember this.
The one who destroyed you with her own hands...
...is the Long Weiwei from ten years ago...
...and the Yi Xin of ten years later.
Weiwei.
Witch.
President Sun.
Why haven't you been answering my calls?
Jiang Nanshuo.
For the sake of our years of cooperation...
...I'll give you a heads-up.
Your dirty dealings have been exposed.
While there's still time...
...hurry up and run.
President Sun.
You...
What does this mean?
I've already thought of a way.
Where are you right now?
None of your business.
You're on your own.
P-President Sun.
President Sun!
Run.
Only by running...
...can I have a chance to start over.
What are you laughing at?
You only think of running now?
It's too late.
What do you mean?
All of your money...
...is in my hands.
Without money,
you...
...are just a stray dog.
Give my money back to me!
I beg you.
Give my money back to me.
Whatever grudges we have...
...I can kneel down...
...and confess to you.
Please.
Give me a way out.
Just one way.
Just one.
It's just kneeling.
Is that so impressive?
Look.
I knelt down too.
Is it useful?
Jiang Nanshuo.
All your money has been frozen by judicial authorities.
Guess...
...who provided...
...the most critical evidence?
You bitch!
You want to die?
I'll grant your wish!
You forced me to do this!
Ten years ago...
...when Long Weiwei was driven to death by you...
...she could only be at your mercy.
Nowadays...
...I can take you down with me.
I...
...will die a worthy death.
Lang Jiu...
Lang Jiu said it long ago.
He said there was something wrong with you.
But I didn't believe him.
Weiwei...
Weiwei, you're back.
Let's go together...
...let's leave here together, okay?
Let's die together.
So that's how it is.
What a great scheme.
What a pity.
Even if I'm really finished...
...I won't let you off easy.
You think bringing me down...
...will make you happy?
I am Jiang Nanshuo!
There's nothing in this life I haven't enjoyed.
I have no regrets.
Such a beautiful scene...
...I watch it every day.
Because torturing you...
...gives me such a thrill.
What?
Can't take it anymore?
This kind of pain...
...you will never be able to forget.
The evidence is irrefutable.
Your crime of rape back then...
...will certainly receive its due punishment.